>> Brian Holt: All right,
now we're gonna make context work, I hope.
So we have context here.
Where it says this.something,
we're gonna have to change that to
the context.something cuz it's coming from
context.
All right, so
context.handleLocationChange.
This.state.location will
be context.location.
This .state.animal will be context,
handleAnimalChange will be context.
Context, I hope you're
catching a pattern here.
>> Brian Holt: Animals, this'll stay
the same cuz coming from the modules.
>> Brian Holt: Context.breed.
>> Brian Holt: I'm actually just half
tempted to say select all of those,
Cmd+Shift+L, and say context.
>> Brian Holt: And then anywhere that says
this now I can just say Cmd+Shift+L, and
say context.
>> Brian Holt: And I think that's
Ctrl+Shift+L on Windows if I'm not
mistaken.
>> Brian Holt: Maybe not.
>> Brian Holt: Any case, anywhere it says
this.state or this.something, right,
just change that to context.,
cuz that's all coming from context now.
>> Brian Holt: So now,
as far as I can see here in my notes,
this should work for search box.
But now we have to go make
SearchParams use search box, right?
>> Brian Holt: So go back to
search box which should now be or
sorry, the SearchParams, the route.
Nothing's in here anymore.
But it'll be really short.
It's gonna be import.
>> Brian Holt: React from 'react',
and import SearchBox
from './SearchBox'; class SearchParams.
>> Brian Holt: Or search-route or
whatever you wanna call it.
>> Brian Holt: extends React.Component.
>> Brian Holt: And we'll put
a render method in here, and return.
>> Brian Holt: div
className="search-route", and
we'll put SearchBox with no params,
just like that.
>> Brian Holt: At the bottom,
we'll say export default SearchParams.
>> Brian Holt: So
here's the magical part about context,
kind of the payoff of
everything that we've done.
We have this SearchParams route
that knows nothing about SearchBox,
it just dumbly renders it.
And yet,
SearchBox is able to interact with App.js
without passing any
data through SearchBox.
We have the self-contained SearchBox
component that we can throw anywhere,
right?
Anywhere that's under the provider and
it's going to read and
write to the provider, and nothing
in the middle has to know about it.
And that's pretty compelling,
that's pretty cool in my opinion.
But what's hard about that is if
I'm looking for the problem and
I know the problem's in SearchParams.js,
I look at this and I was like,
I have no idea why this isn't working.
Because I can't see any of the data.
Or if I look at App.js,
I know something's messing up, like breed.
But because it's going into
the portal of the provider,
I don't really know what
's modifying it right?
There's some magic going on, and
you can't really see through it,
you kinda have to work backwards.
You have to look for everywhere that
you're bringing in the consumer and
seeing if that's the problem.
So there's danger in using context, right?
You've taken away the explicitness of it.
Let's go check to make sure that I
actually didn't break everything,
which there's a non-trivial
chance that I did that.
>> Brian Holt: So if I go to SearchParams
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
see, I broke everything, so that's fun.
>> Brian Holt: Pet finder
is not defined in App.js.
So I did not do this,
const pf = petfinder.
>> Brian Holt: key: process.env.API_KEY,
secret:
>> Brian Holt: process.env.API_SECRET.
>> Brian Holt: And this should be
petfinder, all the way around,
petfinder = pf.
>> Brian Holt: So all I did was this,
right here, yeah.
Because we're using it down here,
in getBreeds().
>> Brian Holt: So now, hopefully,
>> Brian Holt: Works again, right?
So now we have this self-contained
search box, still works.
>> Brian Holt: So now, the really powerful
thing that we can do is we can go into
Results.js
>> Brian Holt: Here
in results, and I can just say up here,
import SearchBox from "./SearchBox".
Then just drop this first thing
under search here, up here,
SearchBox /.
>> Brian Holt: Guess what?
Because it's all self-contained, because
all the props are coming in via context,
this just works.
>> Brian Holt: So
I just import a SearchBox at the top and
added that line right there on 43.
>> Brian Holt: To me,
that's compelling, right?
That's a truly reusable component.
I just drop that anywhere and
it's doing all this management
of its data behind the scenes.
I don't really have to
worry about that black box.
>> Brian Holt: For example, React router,
the router that we're using right now,
is using context all over the place,
right?
If you go to the DevTools,
you'll see nine layers of context that
it's using to manage all that stuff.
That's what context is really
powerful is libraries, right?
Libraries that need to connect to each
other through disparate amounts of
application layers.
>> Brian Holt: So
while you may not use context too much,
I invite you to use it
as little as possible.
It's gonna power all of your libraries
that then you would pull in like reach
router.
>> Brian Holt: So now if we go to just
slash, notice that we have this up here.
>> Brian Holt: And it's still working.
>> Brian Holt: Dwarf hamsters.
>> [LAUGH]